ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
NANWU UNIVERSITY
Yan. Tomorrow is the First Frost
with a big drop in temperature,
so remember to wear more clothes.
Shuangjiang (the First Frost)?
Did anyone say happy birthday to her?
Hello. The number
you have dialed does not exist.
Please check and dial again.
Hello. The number you have dialed
does not exist.
Please check and dial again.
Hello. The number
you have dialed does not exist.
Please check and dial again.
WEN SHUANGJIANG
Hello. The number
you have dialed does not exist.
Please check and dial again.
What are you doing?
Why aren't you sleeping?
Throwing away my cell phone.
Why?
It's broken.
Happy birthday.
3,325 DAYS
DAY 263 OF LIVING TOGETHER
Zhang Xin's ex-boyfriend proposed to her.
- Yeah.
- This National Holiday wasn't wasted.
Now tell me.
Actually, my current boyfriend
has been trying
to get back together with me.
I tell you what.
When it comes to men,
you can't be subservient to them.
Right.
- Men?
- What's wrong with men?
- I don't approve of what you're saying.
- Why don't you approve?
I just don't approve.
You can't use
that kind of tantalization on us.
People are different, aren't they?
Wait a minute.
I think my water just broke.
What about that?
Now. Fang Li.
Call an ambulance.
We'll wait outside.
- Hold on.
Who's the father?
Not me. I'm sorry.
- How could I be?
- Doctor.
She's a single mom.
She and her ex-husband just got divorced.
Is there anything bad?
Actually, the mother had a high-leak
and didn't notice that her water broke.
The baby's heartbeat is not so good.
Both the baby
and the mother are in danger.
We were hoping that the father would come
and help us persuade the mother
to opt for a C-section,
but the mother has always wanted
a normal delivery.
So, can you let us go in
and talk her through it?
- Yes.
- At this stage,
it's best for the mother and her husband
to discuss and decide together.
So, keep trying to contact him.
Don't worry. We'll try.
- I'll go in then.
- Thank you.
Thank you. Please.
What to do?
Where's Su Tian?
Guo from the financial group.
- Why are you here?
- What are you doing here?
I got her call and rushed over.
How's it going? Is she in labor?
Why are you so anxious?
She's my girlfriend,
so how could I not be anxious?
- You're the father of the baby?
- I'm not.
Sorry. I kind of am.
- What do you mean?
- What's…
What's going on here?
Tell me exactly what's going on.
Your cervix is not
dilated enough right now.
If the labor takes too long,
it's not good for you or the baby,
and in the end, we'll probably
end up with a C-section.
Then I'll try again.
- Okay.
- Come on. Try together.
Come on.
I've had a crush on her for a long time.
I didn't dare to court her
until she got divorced,
but I didn't realize she was pregnant,
and the guy was irresponsible,
but it's okay.
I'm willing to take care
of her and her baby.
Come on. Congratulations.
It's a little girl.
Take a look. Look at her. She's so cute.
She looks just like you.
Just as cute as her mom.
MATERNITY WARD
- Here they come.
- Su Tian.
- How are you doing?
- Did that hurt?
- Are you okay? Is the baby all right?
- You know what?
I came as soon as you got in,
but they wouldn't let me in.
They said I wasn't the baby's father.
I wanted to go in to be with you.
Su Tian.
I'll take care of this child.
I'll love her as if she were my own,
and even when she grows up,
we'll tell her how much we love her.
The baby isn't mine,
but it doesn't matter.
I'll take care of you and the baby.
OK. Let's get her to rest.
We should then…
- Right.
- Go to the ward now.
Let's get her rested up.
- OK.
- She's tired.
- Now have a rest.
- Yes.
As long as she's okay.
Do you want a boy or a girl?
Why do you ask all of a sudden?
I'm just curious.
I don't think it matters.
By the way,
is Su Tian having a boy or a girl?
- I forgot to ask. I'll ask.
- Yes, ask now.
- She's having a baby.
- Hello.
Is Su Tian having a boy or a girl?
My coworker just had a baby.
SANG YAN - WEN YIFAN
A girl.
- Really?
- Why are you so happy?
You're as happy as if
you gave birth to the baby.
Aren't you happy?
- Aren't you happy?
- I am.
Ms. Qian must be happy.
If you or you two are not happy,
you know what?
I'll tell Tian and ask her to beat you up.
- Congratulations.
- It's almost time
to go to work.
SANG YAN
Life is really amazing, isn't it?
WEN YIFAN
SHUANGJIANG
Sir.
Now you can think
about Woodie's favorite things
and put them next to him.
He'll know you love him and won't be sad.
A CHANCE ENCOUNTER LASTS A LIFETIME
Woodie.
These are the things you like to eat.
Don't eat too much,
or you will get bloated.
Is there anything else
you'd like to say to Woodie?
If not, I'll send him away.
Woodie.
Woodie, run.
Woodie, run. Woodie.
Don't ever come back, Woodie.
The day my parents
and my brother went to the funeral,
Grandpa wouldn't let me go.
I can't imagine how sad he was.
YISHENG PET BURIAL
Ma.
Is that smoke Woodie?
It's black.
It could be.
FATHER WEN LIANGZHE'S SPIRIT TABLET
When my dad died,
I used to wonder where he went,
but when I looked
at the clouds in the sky,
my dad's face would slowly come back.
He was smiling.
When I miss him,
he's probably missing me, too.
We're going to meet someday.
They just get there before us
and set up a warm home for us there.
It's a blessing to be missed
or remembered, isn't it?
WILL YOU BE BACK LATE TODAY?
I MIGHT
JUST REST
Grandpa.
Keep this.
You can think of him anytime.
You're still awake.
Wen Yifan.
Give me the carton from the fridge.
Then I'll go to bed now.
Eat with me.
Did you buy this just for me?
Not for anyone.
Thanks for that.
So, you remember.
Can I take a picture?
Can I take a picture of you holding it?
Holding it?
With me?
Make a wish.
Happy birthday to you
What did you wish for?
If I say it, it won't come true.
If you don't,
how can I make it come true for you?
It's about work.
Okay, fine.
I thought you wanted me
to be your boyfriend.
It's not good to eat
too many sweets at night.
Nice.
I'll put the rest in the fridge
and eat it tomorrow.
Okay.
Wen Yifan.
The gift is on the shelf. Get it yourself.
Happy birthday.
Hello?
Bro. My Woodie died.
Are you okay?
Yes.
It's old, so we're prepared for it.
Is there something else going on with you?
I'm in love with someone.
Seems nothing is going on.
Do you still have time
to talk to me about your trifles?
It's different this time.
Sang Yan.
Have you ever met someone
with whom you're constantly afraid
that one day she'll slip away
and never come back?
Are you totally into her?
I feel like I'm a bit of a wimp
in front of her.
I can't say anything.
I'm afraid
that if I say even one wrong word,
she'll never talk to me again.
Su Haoan. I can't believe there's
someone you don't dare to court,
but I have to say,
the more you don't dare,
the more you have to court her.
Just in case you really lose her
because you keep putting it off.
Bro. I think I really need to talk.
Tomorrow night, come to Overtime, okay?
Lately, I'm not free at night.
What are you busy with at night?
I'm confirming something.
Confirming what? Tell me.
Recently, a girl wanted to hit on me,
so I don't have time to deal
with other people's business.
- Understand?
- It's fine if you don't tell me.
I'm not in the mood
for your gossip today anyway.
See you later.
If you need anything, feel free to ask me.
Maybe…
Maybe I will have time.
Got it.
See you later.
First Frost (Shuangjiang).
Doesn't that mean Shuangjiang?
Hello, everyone. My name is Wen Yifan.
My hobby is dancing.
My nickname is Shuangjiang
because the day
I was born was the first frost.
Then my father gave me this nickname.
So he always remembers it.
Wen Shuangjiang.
What's up?
Nothing. So, you can hear me.
Shuangjiang.
I suddenly want to fall in love.
In love with Sang Yan.
Hey, Qiao.
Happy birthday to you
- Dian, happy birthday.
- Thank you.
I held off all night and tried hard
to wait until 12:00 to say this.
How's that? Am I the first?
Are you free tomorrow?
I'll treat you to dinner.
- Are you free now?
- Right now?
PIZZA HUT
What are you doing tomorrow?
Why does it have to be today?
I have something on my mind.
If I don't figure it out tonight,
I might not be able to sleep.
What's that? Why is it so serious?
It's my first time in this situation,
so I don't have much experience.
I want to be straight,
but I'm afraid he'll think
I'm up to something else.
What are you talking about?
Who are you plotting against?
No.
I want to court Sang Yan.
Really?
Keep your voice down.
So, you finally figured it out?
Doing your best to woo him?
I'm definitely behind you.
- Really?
- Of course.
Since we met,
I've never heard of you
trying to woo someone.
Actually, I'm glad you told me that.
We're close,
but you never share
what's on your mind with me.
I'm sorry.
I didn't blame you.
Tell me. Do you have any plans
to court Sang Yan?
I don't have any, so I wanted to ask you.
I don't like your type.
What's my type?
I'm passionate. You don't like me?
You're sticking to me too much.
He may not like too passionate courting.
Then you can't be too passionate,
but not too subtle either.
That's too difficult.
But I think
the biggest difficulty is still
that I don't have the courage.
Wen Yifan. I won't allow you
to say that about yourself.
Who says you don't have courage?
You've never relied on your family
or given your friends any trouble.
You've solved everything on your own.
In my opinion,
you're the bravest girl I know.
That's like the sauce in this pizza.
If it doesn't form strands,
it won't taste good,
so you have to lay some strands
on him every now and then
to make him feel like you care about him.
That way, he'll need you.
That's like a spider's web
he can't escape from.
Then, wait for him to confess to you.
How's that?
Is it really possible?
I think so.
Anyway, whatever you decide,
I wish you a stunning success.
Once and for all.
I want to be desperate this time
and run to that person
without thinking about anything.
I also want to try
to be that passionate person.
I don't think it matters if I fail.
I want to try at least once.
I want to court Sang Yan.
The light is still on.
He doesn't seem to be sleeping.
THANK YOU FOR THE GIFT
THANK YOU
Get an early night.
So,
on your birthday,
I'll give you a gift back.
If he agrees,
even if he moves out then,
I'll have a reason to talk to him again.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh?
There are 69 days left.
If it's okay, can you give me
a countdown every day?
I'm afraid I'll forget.
Why are you so cheeky?
Can't you be a little sincere?
It's something
You should remember this all the time
instead of asking me
to remind you once a day.
Understand?
OK. I'll remember.
Then…
Do I need to remember your birthday later?
January 2nd, Capricorn,
but I don't like celebrating birthdays.
Guo's been nice to you, Tian.
He even arranged this for you
while you were in labor.
Of course.
He said he'd help me and love me well
and bought me those four things.
As long as he's good to you and the baby.
Yifan.
Did you wear perfume today?
This smells good.
Really?
I feel like you're a little off today.
Are you in love?
No, I'm not.
I've been courting someone lately.
What? You're courting someone?
I didn't realize
even you would be so proactive.
Yifan. You should know
that you're very good,
so you must make more choices.
Don't make do.
I'm not making do. He's very nice,
and he's very good-looking.
How good-looking?
He's good enough
to be on a restaurant sign.
On a restaurant sign?
How do you feel?
By the way, this is for you.
I can't take it.
Don't say that. Guo told me so. Come on.
- Thanks, Tian.
- You're welcome.
If he's that good, you can't lose to him.
I forgot to tell you
this guy is my roommate.
We're at home every day,
so we know all of each other's faults.
Your roommate?
That guy?
"I hope you're as happy as I am"?
Oh my God.
No. I've got to get back
to the labor center.
This story is going too…
I need to sort it out.
Yifan. You're amazing.
Listen, you're no worse than him.
You must love someone
as proudly as he does, okay?
The next job is…
Gu, you two,
arrange the next research work.
Actually, Ms. Cao,
the planner gave some comments
on the operation plan
for this holiday event,
so we may have to improve it.
SANG YAN
I will go back later today.
But in this regard,
our team is very active with them,
so we hope you can give us more time.
Right. As for the programs,
we've done three,
but they need to be implemented
in a concrete way so that we can see
which one is more suitable for us.
You have to lay some strands
on him every now and then
to make him feel like you care about him.
That way, he'll need you.
That's like a spider's web
he can't escape from.
WEIBO FOLLOWING
DEAR SHUDONG
HOW DO I COURT SOMEONE I'VE OFFENDED?
IT'S THE EASIEST TO COURT
SOMEONE YOU'VE OFFENDED!
YOU HAVE FOND MEMORIES
DON'T BE EMBARRASSED
THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU FALL IN LOVE
Over here is our planning team.
Over there is the art team.
Over here is the program team.
Sixty-eight days to go.
I'M AFRAID I'LL FORGET
DON'T YOU WANT ME TO MEMORIZE IT MYSELF?
Will he still send me messages?
If I fall asleep again, I won't get that.
True, but you're good at muddling through.
You've said you'd treat me
several times before,
but you haven't repaid it till now.
If I don't remind you,
you'll probably ignore what you said
in the same way.
I'll lose out in the end.
SANG YAN
Don't you want me to remind you every day?
THEN, DOES THE COOKING I GAVE YOU
SEVERAL TIMES BEFORE COUNT AS REPAYMENT?
Okay. Then, what do you want to eat?
I'll repay you.
I WON'T LET YOU SUFFER LOSS
The only value I have
was already plundered by you,
so how can I have the room
for losing out more?
The only value I have
was already plundered by you,
so how can I have the room
for losing out more?
So, does he see me as the lusting girl
people mentioned on the Internet?
What did I do?
You swooped in,
hugged me,
and kissed me.
You're not taking liberties
with me this time?
If I keep being so enthusiastic
while sleepwalking,
will he lose his freshness for me?
What to do, Dian? It's so shameful.
Are you ashamed, too?
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Where would hiding it
make it more of a surprise?
The present is on the shelf.
Happy birthday.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!